source/includes/instant_racing/_race_groups.md, before:

# Instant Racing: RaceGroups

## RaceGroup Object

```json
{
  "id":1,
  "name": "San Francisco",
  "description": "City by the bay",
  "position": 3,
  "locked": false,
  "current_points": 50,
  "unlock_points":100,
  "unlock_cost": 100000.0,
  "unlock_units": 10,
  "progress": 0.5,
  "wager_count": 6,
  "race_count": 1,
  "winning_win_count": 1,
  "winning_place_count": 1,
  "winning_show_count": 1,
  "winning_exacta_count": 1,
  "winning_trifecta_count": 1,
  "winning_superfecta_count": 1,
  "winning_count": 6,
  "biggest_win": 1000.0,
  "available_games": ["win-place-show", "trifecta_gold"],
  "wager_streak": {
    "alive": true,
    "wager_count": 1
  },
  "next_live_race": {
    "track": { "name": "Ohio" },
    "post_datetime": "2017-03-17T00:05:04-07:00",
    "race_number": 1,
    "destination_url": "https://some-place-to-gamble.com"
  }
}
```

Field | Description
----- | -----------
id |
name |
description |
position | the position that this race group should be displayed in a list
locked | boolean indicating if this group is locked or unlocked for the user
current_points | current points awarded to unlock this group
unlock_points | total points to unlock this group
unlock_cost | coin cost to unlock group
progress | a number between 0 and 1 indicating the user's progress towards unlocking the race group
wager_count | total number of wagers a user has placed on this race group
race_count | total number of races a user has played on this race group
winning_win_count | number of winning win bets a user has placed on this race group
winning_place_count | number of winning place bets a user has placed on this race group
winning_show_count | number of winning show bets a user has placed on this race group
winning_exacta_count | number of winning exacta bets a user has placed on this race group
winning_trifecta_count | number of winning trifecta bets a user has placed on this race group
winning_superfecta_count | number of winning superfecta bets a user has placed on this race group
winning_count | total number of winning wagers on this race group
biggest_win | biggest payout for a wager on this race group
available_games | an array of games that should be enabled for this race group ("win-place-show", "trifecta_gold", "wild_mustang")
wager_streak | an object describing the user's current wager streak for the race group
next_live_race | small race object if there is a real live race taking place, null if not

## Get all Race Groups

Returns all the race groups, ordered as they should be shown to the user.

> Example

```curl
curl -H "Application-Name: super-fun-game" \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer ABC123" \
  https://api.derbygames.com/api/instant_racing/race_groups
```

`GET /instant_racing/race_groups`

### Returns

An array of `RaceGroup` objects.

Commit message:

add mention of unlock points awarded in api doc

source/includes/instant_racing/_race_groups.md, after:

# Instant Racing: RaceGroups

## RaceGroup Object

```json
{
  "id":1,
  "name": "San Francisco",
  "description": "City by the bay",
  "position": 3,
  "locked": false,
  "current_points": 50,
  "unlock_points":100,
  "unlock_cost": 100000.0,
  "unlock_units": 10,
  "progress": 0.5,
  "wager_count": 6,
  "race_count": 1,
  "winning_win_count": 1,
  "winning_place_count": 1,
  "winning_show_count": 1,
  "winning_exacta_count": 1,
  "winning_trifecta_count": 1,
  "winning_superfecta_count": 1,
  "winning_count": 6,
  "biggest_win": 1000.0,
  "available_games": ["win-place-show", "trifecta_gold"],
  "wager_streak": {
    "alive": true,
    "wager_count": 1
  },
  "next_live_race": {
    "track": { "name": "Ohio" },
    "post_datetime": "2017-03-17T00:05:04-07:00",
    "race_number": 1,
    "destination_url": "https://some-place-to-gamble.com"
  }
}
```

Field | Description
----- | -----------
id |
name |
description |
position | the position that this race group should be displayed in a list
locked | boolean indicating if this group is locked or unlocked for the user
current_points | current points awarded to unlock this group
unlock_points | total points to unlock this group
unlock_cost | coin cost to unlock group
unlock_units | the number of unlock units (e.g. horseshoes) required to unlock the track
progress | a number between 0 and 1 indicating the user's progress towards unlocking the race group
wager_count | total number of wagers a user has placed on this race group
race_count | total number of races a user has played on this race group
winning_win_count | number of winning win bets a user has placed on this race group
winning_place_count | number of winning place bets a user has placed on this race group
winning_show_count | number of winning show bets a user has placed on this race group
winning_exacta_count | number of winning exacta bets a user has placed on this race group
winning_trifecta_count | number of winning trifecta bets a user has placed on this race group
winning_superfecta_count | number of winning superfecta bets a user has placed on this race group
winning_count | total number of winning wagers on this race group
biggest_win | biggest payout for a wager on this race group
available_games | an array of games that should be enabled for this race group ("win-place-show", "trifecta_gold", "wild_mustang")
wager_streak | an object describing the user's current wager streak for the race group
next_live_race | small race object if there is a real live race taking place, null if not

## Get all Race Groups

Returns all the race groups, ordered as they should be shown to the user.

> Example

```curl
curl -H "Application-Name: super-fun-game" \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer ABC123" \
  https://api.derbygames.com/api/instant_racing/race_groups
```

`GET /instant_racing/race_groups`

### Returns

An array of `RaceGroup` objects.
